capital = 765

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	camelry = 1
}
set_convoys = 1

set_stability = 0.50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100
}

recruit_character = QAT_abdullah_bin_jassim_al_thani
recruit_character = QAT_mostafa_bousaid
recruit_character = QAT_shakir_mubarak
recruit_character = QAT_gabir_zeidan
recruit_character = QAT_ar
recruit_character = QAT_acr
recruit_character = QAT_mt
recruit_character = QAT_stc
recruit_character = QAT_aa2
recruit_character = QAT_acgs
recruit_character = QAT_ncm
recruit_character = QAT_nccr
recruit_character = QAT_coi
recruit_character = QAT_democratic_guy
recruit_character = QAT_acd2
recruit_character = QAT_acas
recruit_character = QAT_communist_guy
recruit_character = QAT_ncs
recruit_character = QAT_awt
recruit_character = QAT_pot
recruit_character = QAT_fascist_guy
recruit_character = QAT_ai2
recruit_character = QAT_nt
recruit_character = QAT_aco2
