capital=431
oob="RAJ_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		camelry = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}

set_cosmetic_tag = RAJ_UK

set_politics = {
    ruling_party = neutrality
    last_election = "1910.1.1"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 10
    fascism = 2
    communism = 1
    neutrality = 87
}
set_stability=0.31
set_convoys=20
add_ideas = {
	RAJ_agrarian_society
	RAJ_marginalized_muslim_community
}
recruit_character = RAJ_john_nixon
recruit_character = RAJ_gilbert_elliot
recruit_character = RAJ_bal_gangadhar_tilak
recruit_character = RAJ_keshav_baliram_hedgewar
recruit_character = RAJ_manabendra_nath_roy
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_barrett
recruit_character = RAJ_charles_townshend
recruit_character = RAJ_james_willcocks
recruit_character = RAJ_havelock_hudson
recruit_character = RAJ_walter_braithwaite
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_dyer
recruit_character = RAJ_william_e_parry
recruit_character = RAJ_naval_theorist
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_william_duke
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_a_barrett
recruit_character = RAJ_bhaskar_soman
recruit_character = RAJ_military_theorist
recruit_character = RAJ_air_air_combat_training
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_dass_katari
recruit_character = RAJ_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = RAJ_air_chief_night_operations
recruit_character = RAJ_agha_khan_iii
recruit_character = RAJ_lieutenant_of_industry
recruit_character = RAJ_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = RAJ_air_chief_ground_support
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_mohammed_iqbal
recruit_character = RAJ_alexander_cobbe